README.md, before:

# YouTube Player
##### A Firefox add-on for playing YouTube playlists without logging in

YouTube Player is an add-on for Firefox. It provides the ability to store
and play YouTube playlists without logging in to YouTube.

## Functionality
Currently, YouTube Player allows you to create one browser-wide playlist, which
can then be played in a random order in one or more tabs by right-clicking on
the tab when it is at a YouTube video. The playlist can be modified by clicking
on the add-on icon to bring up a small popup.

## Installation
YouTube Player is not yet available on addons.mozilla.org. To use it,
enable developer mode and load the add-on manually in about:debugging.
Unfortunately, the add-on must be reloaded every time the browser is restarted.

## Version History
##### v0.1
 - Ability to create YouTube playlists
 - Ability to play YouTube playlists
 - Ability to add names and descriptions for videos in playlists

## Future Versions
##### v0.2
 - Ability to have multiple playlists
 - Ability to edit existing playlists

##### v0.3
 - Improvements for behavior when the user navigates while a playlist is playing
 - Improvements for behavior when YouTube doesn't load properly.

Commit message:

Add development status info to README

README.md, after:

# YouTube Player
##### A Firefox add-on for playing YouTube playlists without logging in

YouTube Player is an add-on for Firefox. It provides the ability to store
and play YouTube playlists without logging in to YouTube. It is currently in
early development.

## Functionality
Currently, YouTube Player allows you to create one browser-wide playlist, which
can then be played in a random order in one or more tabs by right-clicking on
the tab when it is at a YouTube video. The playlist can be modified by clicking
on the add-on icon to bring up a small popup.

## Installation
YouTube Player is not yet available on addons.mozilla.org. To use it,
enable developer mode and load the add-on manually in about:debugging.
Unfortunately, the add-on must be reloaded every time the browser is restarted.

## Version History
##### v0.1 (in development)
 - Ability to create YouTube playlists
 - Ability to play YouTube playlists
 - Ability to add names and descriptions for videos in playlists

## Future Versions
##### v0.2
 - Ability to have multiple playlists
 - Ability to edit existing playlists

##### v0.3
 - Improvements for behavior when the user navigates while a playlist is playing
 - Improvements for behavior when YouTube doesn't load properly.
